# :pushpin: #1 - 19-11-2018

Hi, My name is Daniel Simão and inspired by Rafael Fabeni I decided to create a log repository with the purpose to document all my thoughts, feelings moments in my life.

I'm 27 years old and I work as Front-End Developer a little more than five years, currently I work at Luego, living in Mogi das Cruzes / SP, here we develop awesome Digital Projects for big companies like NBS, Agência Africa, 
Repense, LiveAD and more. We Work with several technologies like: Javascript, HTML, CSS, PHP, GIT, MySQL, a little bit of VueJS, React and Ionic.

Okay, now back to daily book, here you probaly will see a bunch of things about my process of learning and strugglings with web development, finances and investments, life, stingless bees (Oh yeah I want to save de planet with bees hahaha), english practice of course and more.

For this one I want to share with you my big acquisition after 5 years (The last was a Dell computer), Now I've Joined the course Welcome to the Django,
this course promise to us a big change in our mindset, in this course we will learn about Python and Django, but the focus is in mindset and business,
in how to take the control about our professional and personal life, I guess this will be a great game change in my life!

I will use this template to document all my learning process about Python and Django, but in another repository, soon, the link to access that repository 
will be here.

I expect to receive your opinion about everything I will post here, the criticises are welcome to my growth as a human being.

Cheers!

See you!

<!--- ## :octocat: -->
## :link: Links

:snake: [Welcome to the Django](https://welcometothedjango.com.br)

## :speech_balloon: Quotes

> “A melhor maneira de prever o futuro é inventá-lo.” Alan Kay
 
## :skull: Currently

* :book: A Revolução dos bichos - George Orwell | :running: 5%

---

:house: [back home](../../../..#home)
